but we have a story point I was
raúl díaz the cream goalie is complicated
but thank God the effort of the
mates was amazing and thanks to
god we keep adding with others we go
with more players creams and let's see
what says the goalscorer
especially not fernando alloco that
after many dates, he redials
fernando for that but good we came by
the three points and we could not take the
three points but the most sensitive draw
for nothing very hard play this court not
yes but I think we did the same
well I hope we had many
situations equally careful back and
we could have won the good match
also making this point important
got yes logically important
because he did not get lost but hey
I was missing the counter we're going to
see do not say until wine also flyer
who came in who also contributed this
I find that the cream steering wheel is very
ok so you have to keep working and
played today with the pressure of that
that is already tomorrow
and that we have that we are aware
that we have up the trachea that does not
we can leave no point along the way
the truth that we came to try
win it on a difficult court with the
height that is impressive so it
it was a draw and I repeat it we have to continue
working there are eight endings that
listen to Carvalho there we are also
we go with one more player
university we have very close to Miguel
Torres a former science player
obviously identified also with the
team 'cream' and that has tried a lot
during the meeting
even though he had already played
height is very difficult to play in this
court at the end is still as I said
your colleagues is almost four thousand meters
above sea level the case feels
much apart from you winning enjoyed the
journey of here of luxury pardon of
sicuani so here there is a lot of
the journey is not pleasant and good will
it makes the rescue height feel just as
this point even though you can not
win yes of course of course this
necessary the game can be noticed and
take a point of each one a square
very complicated
and what a personal item because being
your college fan with the band
of captain
I imagine that justice continues
doing it doing all the fans
creams and seven messages but more
that all these professionals do not
they think about what happens outside
simply try to create the best of
procampo even though we are 4
mexico also subway sun in the sea there
what to follow, you have to fight because it 's another
profession and when I was miguel towers
then the college flyer from
sports at the end of that meeting and
most players have entered
the dressing rooms we will see if we approach
also the author of the science goal
castrillón that we have